Access review v2 api (#9935)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/accessreviewscheduledefinition-update.md

## Request body
In the request body, supply a JSON representation of an [accessReviewScheduleDefinition](../resources/accessreviewscheduledefinition.md) object.

The following table shows the properties accepted to update an accessReviewScheduleDefinition.

| Property | Type | Description |
|:-------------|:------------|:------------|
| displayName | String | Name of access review series. |
| descriptionForAdmins | String | Context of the review provided to admins. |
| descriptionForReviewers | String | Context of the review provided to reviewers. |
| settings | [accessReviewScheduleSettings](../resources/accessreviewschedulesettings.md) | The settings for an access review series. See [accessReviewScheduleSettings](../resources/accessreviewscheduledefinition.md). |
| reviewers | [accessReviewReviewerScope](../resources/accessreviewreviewerscope.md) collection|  Defines who the reviewers are. If none are specified, the review is a self-review (users reviewed review their own access). The Reviewers property is only updatable if individual users assigned are as reviewers. See [accessReviewReviewerScope](../resources/accessreviewscheduledefinition.md). | 

> Note that a PUT request expects the full object to be passed in, in addition to the properties being updated.

Reviewer: maybe say "full object to be passed in, in which all writable properties are included, not just the properties being updated"

---
title: "Update accessReviewScheduleDefinition"

> description: "In the Azure AD access reviews feature, update an existing accessReviewScheduleDefinition object to change one or more of its properties."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
description: "Update an existing accessReviewScheduleDefinition object to change one or more of its properties."
```

localization_priority: Normal
author: "isabelleatmsft"
ms.prod: "microsoft-identity-platform"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Update accessReviewScheduleDefinition

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> >[!NOTE]

Reviewer 2: This note should be moved to after the introduction paragraph.

> >Any updates made to an **accessReviewScheduleDefinition** will only apply to future instances. Currently running instances cannot be updated.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>Any updates made to an accessReviewScheduleDefinition only apply to future instances. Currently running instances cannot be updated.
```

> >Additionally, this API is not intended to update properties, including decisions, on the **accessReviewInstance** level. See [accessReviewInstance](../resources/accessreviewinstance.md) for more information on instances.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>Additionally, this API is not intended to update properties, including decisions, on the accessReviewInstance level. See [accessReviewInstance](../resources/accessreviewinstance.md) for more information on instances.
```

> In the Azure AD [access reviews](../resources/accessreviewsv2-root.md) feature, update an existing [accessReviewScheduleDefinition](../resources/accessreviewscheduledefinition.md) object to change one or more of its properties.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Update an existing [accessReviewScheduleDefinition](../resources/accessreviewscheduledefinition.md) object to change one or more of its properties.
```

## Permissions

> One of the following permissions is required to call this API. Delegated permissions to personal Microsoft accounts are not supported. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).
```

|Permission type                        | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|

> |Delegated (work or school account)     | AccessReview.ReadWrite.All |

Reviewer 2: Add this row:

|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported.|

|Application                            | AccessReview.ReadWrite.All |

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http

> PUT /identityGovernance/accessReviews/definitions/{reviewID}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
PUT /identityGovernance/accessReviews/definitions/{review-id}
```

```
## Request headers
| Name         | Description |

> |:-------------|:------------|

Reviewer 2: |Authorization|Bearer {token}. Required.|

| Content-type | application/json. Required. |

## Request body
In the request body, supply a JSON representation of an [accessReviewScheduleDefinition](../resources/accessreviewscheduledefinition.md) object.

The following table shows the properties accepted to update an accessReviewScheduleDefinition.

> | Property     | Type       | Description | Additional Notes |

Reviewer 2: Recommend combining Description and Additional Notes.
```suggestion
| Property | Type | Description |
```

> |:-------------|:------------|:------------|:------------|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|:-------------|:------------|:------------|
```

> | `displayName`             |`String`                      | Name of access review series.|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| displayName | String | Name of access review series. |
```

> | `descriptionForAdmins`    |`String`                       | Context of the review provided to admins. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| descriptionForAdmins | String | Context of the review provided to admins. |
```

> | `descriptionForReviewers` |`String`                         | Context of the review provided to reviewers. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| descriptionForReviewers | String | Context of the review provided to reviewers. |
```

> | `settings`                |`microsoft.graph.accessReviewScheduleSettings`| The settings for an access review series. Recurrence is determined here. See [accessReviewScheduleSettings](../resources/accessreviewscheduledefinition.md). |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| settings | [accessReviewScheduleSettings](../resources/accessreviewschedulesettings.md) | The settings for an access review series. See [accessReviewScheduleSettings](../resources/accessreviewscheduledefinition.md). |
```

> | `reviewers`               |`Collection(microsoft.graph.accessReviewReviewerScope)`|  Defines who the reviewers are. If none are specified, the review will be a self-review (users reviewed review their own access). See [accessReviewReviewerScope](../resources/accessreviewscheduledefinition.md). | Reviewers field is only updatable if individual users assigned as reviewers. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| reviewers | [accessReviewReviewerScope](../resources/accessreviewreviewerscope.md) collection|  Defines who the reviewers are. If none are specified, the review is a self-review (users reviewed review their own access). The Reviewers property is only updatable if individual users assigned are as reviewers. See [accessReviewReviewerScope](../resources/accessreviewscheduledefinition.md). | 
```

Note that a PUT request expects the full object to be passed in, in addition to the properties being updated.

## Response
If successful, this method returns a `204, Accepted` response code and no response body.

> ## Example

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Examples
```

This is an example of updating the displayName of an existing access review series.

> ##### Request

Reviewer 2: This should be a H3, not an H4: ### Request

In the request body, supply a JSON representation of the new properties of the [accessReviewScheduleDefinition](../resources/accessreviewscheduledefinition.md) object.

> # [HTTP](#tab/http)

Reviewer 2: Remove line 67.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "update_accessReviewScheduleDefinition"
}-->
```http
PUT https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/identityGovernance/accessReviews/definitions/60860cdd-fb4d-4054-91ba-f75e04444aa6

{
  "id": "60860cdd-fb4d-4054-91ba-f75e04444aa6",
  "displayName": "Test world UPDATED NAME!",
  "descriptionForAdmins": "Test world",
  "descriptionForReviewers": "Test world",
  "scope": {
    "query": "/groups/b7a059cb-038a-4802-8fc9-b9d1ed0cf11f/transitiveMembers",
    "queryType": "MicrosoftGraph"
  },
  "instanceEnumerationScope": {
    "query": "/groups/b7a059cb-038a-4802-8fc9-b9d1ed0cf11f",
    "queryType": "MicrosoftGraph"
  },
  "reviewers": [],
  "settings": {
    "mailNotificationsEnabled": true,
    "reminderNotificationsEnabled": true,
    "justificationRequiredOnApproval": true,
    "defaultDecisionEnabled": false,
    "defaultDecision": "None",
    "instanceDurationInDays": 3,
    "autoApplyDecisionsEnabled": false,
    "recommendationsEnabled": true,
    "recurrence": {
      "pattern": {
        "type": "weekly",
        "interval": 1
      },
      "range": {
        "type": "noEnd",
        "startDate": "2020-09-15"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

> # [C#](#tab/csharp)

Reviewer 2: Remove lines 111 through 120.

[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Objective-C](#tab/objc)
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

> ##### Response

Reviewer 2: This should be a H3, not an H4: ### Response
